my-ap/README.md, before:

npm install -g @angular/cli

ng new angular-tour-of-heroes

cd angular-tour-of-heroes
ng serve --open --port 4201

ng generate component heroes

ng generate component hero-detail

ng generate service hero
ng generate service hero --module=app

ng generate component messages

ng generate service message --module=app

ng generate module app-routing --flat --module=app

ng serve

ng generate component dashboard

npm i angular-in-memory-web-api --save


# MyAp

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 1.5.3.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `-prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).

Commit message:

Add in memory db service

my-ap/README.md, after:

npm install -g @angular/cli

ng new angular-tour-of-heroes

cd angular-tour-of-heroes
ng serve --open --port 4201

ng generate component heroes

ng generate component hero-detail

ng generate service hero
ng generate service hero --module=app

ng generate component messages

ng generate service message --module=app

ng generate module app-routing --flat --module=app

ng serve

ng generate component dashboard

npm i angular-in-memory-web-api --save


To Fix in memory db
use "angular-in-memory-web-api": "~0.5.0",




# MyAp

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 1.5.3.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `-prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).
